hey guys hey Don is one to go over to
1999 subaru legacy gt um just want to go
a couple features and got the car
running right now just already start it
up start it up for you starts up
perfectly temperature gauge is great of
all this works needs coming down right
now radio works however i believe the
tape player is jammed there's people
that have been mentioned
windows work sunroof works as you can
see I got it open already I said the
only concern I have is you'll hear this
little rattling that we have going on
here car kicks up
got the windows down we can hear a
little bit
a little bit of rattling I don't know I
don't know if the tie rod or could be
something
zip it around here all-wheel drive works
to me without a doubt except the only
concern is that little rattling I have
no clue what that is clutch pigs up good
everything down is a very fun car to
drive your vehicle nursing the lights
that lingen lights abs nothing in her
bag or any of that stuff just kick it
off here I'm going to kick real fast
pink picks up no doubt
here so that's when you're coming down
to a stop kind of
totally rattling it's not ratting
you